I swear this is the last one.
You positive? 'Cause I'm just not sure
you kept enough of our old stuff.
Well, I mean, look at those booties.
Come on. How could
I get rid of those booties?
Because... Ew,
they're covered in mildew.
Wow. Zoey. I didn't realize
you were such a fan
of Cabbage Patch Kids.
Actually, that was mine.
Oh.
And this...
Mine as well.
Oh, babe.
No wonder you became such a
bleeding-heart public defender.
You really care, bear.
Yeah, David was always a very
sweet, sensitive child.
How do you describe me?
- You were more inquisitive.
- Mm.
You only wanted science
and engineering toys.
Damn straight. These
were my gateway drugs
to straight As and a
stunning scholastic career.
Um, if it's okay with Zoey,
you can take whatever
you want for the baby.
Oh, yeah. Um, I'm good. All yours.
Be right back.
I'm just gonna make a quick call.
You forgot another one.
So, I'll meet you at the
flower market in an hour?
I'm excited, too, Jessica.
Okay. Bye.
Jessica?
Why so secretive?
I just... I feel weird
talking about work stuff
in front of your dad.
Hm.
Since we're alone for a minute,
what new on the Simon front?
You'd be very proud.
I haven't texted him
back in a couple days.
How do you feel about that?
Um, only minor withdrawals.
Hm.
Oh, my gosh. Dad, you remember this?
Wow, it actually still works.
Oh, you lost.
All right, okay,
I hate to spoil this lovely symphony,
but can we focus?
I've got to get to work soon.
We're good to build
the crib tonight, right?
Um, you know,
I'm still prepping for trial.
The... the O'Reilly case?
Think it's going to be another
late night at the office.
Again?
This case has taken over your life.
I'm not happy about it either.
Yeah, it's just, we said we were gonna
get cracking on this weeks ago,
and it seems like it's never
the right time with you.
Now that we know it's a boy,
we can really start to get organized.
Em, I get it, okay? I get it.
All right? I'm doing
the best that I can.
Everything... okay?
- Uh-huh.
♪ You've been talking in your sleep ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Things you never say to me ♪
♪ Tell me that you've had enough ♪
♪ Of our love ♪
♪ Our love ♪
♪ Just give me a reason,
just a little bit's enough ♪
♪ Just a second,
we're not broken, just bent ♪
♪ And we can learn to love again ♪
♪ I'm sorry I don't understand ♪
♪ Where all of this is coming from ♪
♪ I thought that we were fine ♪
♪ Oh, we had everything ♪
♪ You've been having real bad dreams ♪
- ♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ There's nothing more
than empty sheets ♪
- ♪ Between our love ♪
- ♪ Our love ♪
♪ Just give me a reason ♪
♪ Just a little bit's enough ♪
♪ Just a second,
we're not broken, just bent ♪
♪ And we can learn to love again ♪
♪ I've never stopped ♪
♪ You're still written in
the scars on my heart ♪
♪ We're not broken, just bent ♪
♪ And we can learn to love again ♪
You...
sure everything's okay?
- Yeah!
Bull...
Synced & corrected by QueenMaddie
www.addic7ed.com
Guess what?
I just heard my first actual duet.
Two people singing the same song,
at the same time.
I am very aware of what a duet is.
But now it raises all sorts
of questions for us to tackle.
Ugh, why do I even
answer the phone this early?
I am an artist, Zoey, and my brain
does not like functioning
until night o'clock.
But I just don't know which one to help.
Or maybe it's both.
And I'm sure we can figure all
this out over drinks tonight.
Okay, fine. Where do you wanna go?
Somewhere basic and hetero.
I'm in the mood for potato skins.
'Kay, bye.
Now that the SprqPoint
watch is out there
dazzling users with its sheer
brilliance of engineering,
we are ready to move
on to a new project.
However, before we do,
your manager, Zoey, feels that we need
to foster a more open,
honest work environment,
and that's why, today,
we'll be sharing the results
of the anonymous peer reviews
that you wrote about each other
a few weeks back.
Hmm?
I thought the peer reviews
were for internal use only.
What's the good of bad
news if you can't share it?
Am I right? Zoey and I will
meet with you individually
to go over the results
of what your friends
and colleagues had to say about you.
Tobin Batra.
- Hit me.
- Okay, well,
aside from several of them commenting
on your extreme overuse
of the eggplant emoji,
in general, their feedback
regarding your work
was that it is... adequate.
Boo-yah!
Love barely meeting expectations.
Max...
Oh, Richman.
Yep. Same last name
I had five years ago...
when I started working here.
Uh, "Lacks drive," "Is complacent,"
"Doesn't show initiative,"
"Takes the easy way out,"
"Settles when he could
be working much harder."
- All...
- Bad.
Constructive.
Lot of great stuff to build on.
Is it... great?
Feels not so great.
Okay, Leif, ready to hear what
your colleagues had to say?
Only if you feel it's necessary.
I know that all three of us know
that, uh, as the best programmer here,
I'm, uh... what's the word? Beloved.
Um, okay.
"Leif is self-righteous
and overly ambitious."
"His 'aw-shucks' demeanor
"masks a relentless drive
to win at all costs,
"which is more
alienating than endearing.
That's probably why he
didn't get the promotion."
Wow.
Uh, I was... I was not expecting that.
May I ask who...
It's anonymous, the peer reviews.
It's called "anonymous peer review."
Well, uh, thank you
for your... honesty
and your feedback.
Well... that was fun.
Wait, you never said what
people wrote about me.
I'm sure the team had thoughts.
Oh, "the team had thoughts."
But you know, "misogyny, misogyny."
I think you're crushing it.
That's all that matters.
Is this the kind of
place you had in mind?
Men in Dockers, full-calorie beer,
corporate types looking
to unwind, it's perfect.
I invited Max to join us, too.
He had a rough day at work.
I hope that's okay.
Fine with me. But before he gets here,
let's talk about this duet.
Was it romantic? Depressing?
It was... tortured.
Oh! The best duets are.
My brother and sister-in-law
were singing at each other.
She seemed more upset than he did.
Seems like she's the one
you're supposed to help, then.
Oh! I hope not.
Emily and I aren't really the tightest.
She's kind of acerbic,
I'm kind of stand-offish.
You two would be great
in a female cop show.
My brother's totally harmless.
I'm sure she's upset about something
that isn't even his fault.
- Hey, guys.
- Hey.
Autumn's coming, too,
but she thought she saw
a rainbow in an oil slick outside,
so she's still absorbing its beauty.
You know, you've been very tight-lipped
about Autumn since Napa.
Did you have a good time?
Uh, yeah. Napa was fun.
I'm just not sure we're
totally on the same wavelength,
a word she uses endlessly, by the way.
I thought you dug her whole
adorable flower child...
Meets-young-Kristin-Chenoweth vibe.
Autumn hated being on a schedule
and wanted to just
run through the fields.
She unironically chased a
butterfly for 37 minutes.
- Oh, my God, Max.
- Hi.
You better not be telling
them about Napa without me.
It was pure magic.
Kick it!
Will you excuse me?
♪ You wake up late for school,
man, you don't wanna go ♪
♪ You ask your mom, please,
but she still says ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ You missed two classes
and no homework ♪
♪ But your teacher preaches
class like you're some kind of ♪
♪ Jerk ♪
♪ You gotta fight ♪
♪ For your right ♪
♪ To party ♪
Still working.
I'll be home a little later.
Love you.
♪ You gotta fight ♪
♪ For your right ♪
♪ To party ♪
♪ You gotta fight ♪
♪ For your right ♪
♪ To party ♪
- ♪ You gotta fight... ♪
- David?
What's going on?
Zoey, hi. What are you, um...
What are you doing here?
Just hanging out with some friends.
I thought you had to work tonight.
Oh... Oh, no, I am working.
These are colleagues.
Some of our best legal
breakthroughs happen
when we're shooting pool.
- Cool.
- Yeah, cool.
Okay. Well, don't let me
stop the work sesh.
That's no problem. Yeah.
Yeah, but I should get back.
- Have a great night.
- You have a great night.
Yeah. Yeah.
There she is.
Thought you ghosted on me.
Not responding to any of my texts.
It's really hard to ghost somebody
when you work just
50 feet away from them.
All good.
So... can I ask you a question?
As a man in a long-term relationship,
how bad would it be if you told Jessica
that you had to work late but instead
went to play pool with the guys?
I'd probably...
lose a limb or two and maybe
spend a week on the couch. Why?
Because I saw my brother out last night,
and I know he's lying to his wife.
Ooh. Well...
it's always hard to judge
someone else's relationship,
but maybe he just needed
some time to himself,
and it's hard to tell
her for some reason.
- Mm-hmm.
- I think if it was just
you can cut him some slack.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Are you all right?
Something's going on with you,
I can tell.
- How do you do that?
- Do what?
Really... see me.
No one else has that ability.
Oh. Um...
I guess...
Usually it takes a whole song-and-dance
for me to understand
what someone's feeling.
But with you, I guess...
I just know how to read you.
Uh, my dad's birthday's
coming up in a couple days,
and it's the first since
his suicide, so...
I guess it's just bringing
up a lot of stuff.
Well, I am here if you need me.
Like I said, just 50 feet that way.
Mm-hmm. Right over there?
- Right over there.
- Okey dokey.
♪ When your day is long ♪
♪ And the night ♪
♪ The night is yours alone ♪
♪ When you're sure you've had enough ♪
♪ Of this life ♪
♪ Hang on ♪
♪ Don't let yourself go ♪
♪ 'Cause everybody cries ♪
♪ And everybody hurts ♪
♪ Sometimes ♪
Leif?
You okay, buddy?
- Never better.
- You sure?
'Cause you're hiding
in an isolation pod.
Yep.
It was just one person's opinion,
and we don't even know who wrote it.
- I just figured it was you.
- It wasn't.
I think you're an excellent programmer.
I don't expect you to understand this,
Little Miss Perfect Score On The S.A.T.
What did you get on the S.A.T.?
Also a perfect score. Not the point.
I'm just not used to negative feedback.
You don't get the pressure
that I put on myself,
that my family puts on me.
One of my brothers is chief
oncologist at Johns Hopkins,
and the other runs a
billion-dollar hedge fund.
Well, I'm sure in a few years,
you too will be...
They're my younger brothers.
You know, I think
I would like to be alone.
Look at you two.
Power couple alert.
And you have your own coffee
table book, too? I had no idea.
Only because people were interested
in NorCal homes for 10 seconds.
Or because you have impeccable taste,
and you're very good at your job.
What's it been like working with
your husband all these years?
It always came easy to us.
I mean, we just laughed a lot,
and we respected each other's strengths.
I always handled the creative stuff,
and Mitch is more the...
Was more the business side of things.
And I was the kid always wanting
to do science experiments
in my mom's greenhouse.
Yes, mostly on worms. Poor worms.
I'm glad we got through that phase.
Where is David? I thought
he was supposed
to stay home with Dad tonight
and give you some time off.
He's just running late. It's okay.
I mean, we're hard at work here.
I am deep in the zone.
What are you guys making?
Oh, just playing with
various flower combinations
for the engagement party.
- Great.
- What do you think?
It's very pretty.
That's my favorite, too.
Okay, I'm gonna go.
Thanks so much for everything, Maggie.
Have a great night.
Oh, I'll call you as soon as
I get an estimate for the rose wall.
Thank you.
So, how was being
at the flower mart again?
It was nice.
A little sad, you know.
Everybody asked about your father.
They miss him coming around,
joking with everybody.
- You moving?
- Oh, no.
Do you remember Linda Nathanson?
We did her place a few years back,
and anyway,
she's bought this crazy estate,
and she asked me to do her garden.
That's great.
I told her I would think about it.
Why not do the job?
Because it wouldn't be
working with your dad, Zoey.
It just feels weird and kinda wrong
to do a job right now without him, so...
Well, I feel like Dad
would be thrilled for you.
Oh.
David's not gonna be able to make it.
Why not?
He has to work late again
on the O'Reilly case.
Hmm.
Care to tell me what
the hell is going on?
Jesus.
How did you know I was here?
O'Reilly's Tavern? Really, David?
The O'Reilly case?
Listen, your marriage is your business,
but you lied to Mom tonight,
which is not cool
because you and I agreed that together
- we were going to take care of Mom.
- I can't handle all this,
Zoey, all right? I'm drowning at work.
All I do is think about Dad.
I feel like I'm
responsible for everyone.
Sometimes I just feel
like I gotta break out
and, like, forget about
everything for a while.
David, if anyone can
understand that, it's me.
Something else is wrong.
I mean, yeah.
Look at this. Look at this.
Oh, my God!
Can I take a picture?
I'm gonna take a picture.
You're having a baby, David.
No, I'm having a boy.
Wait. What's wrong with that?
Zoey, have you forgotten
my entire childhood?
I wasn't exactly the most
manly kid on the block.
You were, too.
I had framed theater
playbills all over my walls.
I didn't make out
with a girl until college.
Kids used to make fun of me.
I guess I'm just...
worried that things will
be the same way for my son.
Well, maybe he'll be the opposite.
Maybe he'll be a super jock.
That's even worse, okay?
I don't like sports.
I don't even know
why I'm here right now.
The guys from the office,
they drag me to this place.
- I hate it here.
- They have pretty good potato skins.
Great potato skins.
Have you discussed
any of this with Emily?
She's got enough of her own
stuff going on right now.
Well, I mean, I feel like she
already knows something's up.
Since when do you know what
goes on inside of Emily's head?
You're not exactly BFFs...
or even Fs really.
Just talk to her. It couldn't hurt.
Fine, when I'm ready, but just please
promise to keep this
conversation between us, okay?
Especially the playbill stuff.
Emily doesn't know about it,
and she hates musical theater.
What is all this?
It's a grief kit. Um...
for your dad's birthday.
If you need it.
- A pillow?
- To scream into.
Or absorb your tears. You decide.
There's also a hammer to bust things up
and a package of Oreos
to eat your feelings,
and tequila, because...
tequila.
I love it.
I thought it could go either way.
But it's what I would want
when that day happens.
Please tell me you have some fun plans
so you're not alone tomorrow night.
Yeah. Jessica got us tickets
to the Warriors game.
- That'll be nice.
- Yeah.
She's trying her best to cheer me up.
Well, I'm glad that
the basket was a success.
Oh, and fair warning.
That package of Oreos
might not be entirely full.
Hey.
Look who's feeling better.
Writing some great new
product ideas in your journal?
I'll take that as a no.
Uh-oh.
Don't tell me you're depressed, too.
Wow. It's like a freakin' epidemic.
Sorry, it's just that
Autumn suddenly decided
that she wants me to meet her parents
next weekend when they come into town.
That's nice, isn't it?
Well, yeah. It's just... It's
a very next-level move.
And I don't know what my problem is.
I mean, she's sweet, she's pretty.
I just think that one
meal turns into another,
which turns into an invite to
their cabin for the holidays,
which turns into me
moving to Minneapolis
just so her parents can be
closer to their grandkids.
I just don't know that I'm
ready to leave San Francisco
for the simple life yet, Zoey.
Well, that's a version
of what could happen.
Do you think I'm over-thinking it?
You know what? It's fine.
Everything with Autumn
is very nice and easy.
I can meet her parents.
Yeah, that's not a big deal.
I want you to do
whatever you want to do.
I just want to see you be happy,
and I don't want you to settle.
Sounds just like my peer reviews.
Oh, my God.
Am I doing the same
thing in my relationship
that everyone says I'm doing at work?
Hello?
Hey, Emily. Nice to hear your...
Mm-hmm, yeah, sure, we can talk.
This is kind of a surprise.
You and I have never had a
proper sister-in-law hang.
Yeah, I just thought
it might be nice for us
to spend some quality time.
So, tell me, how's your life?
How's work?
Oh, it's kinda crazy,
actually. We just...
I think something's wrong with David.
Okay, so not exactly a hang, then.
I don't know what's going on with him,
but I know that something's
going on with him,
and obviously you guys
have been spending
a lot of time together
lately because of your dad.
So has he said anything to you?
Am I just being paranoid or is
there something deeper here?
Lot of questions.
I see why you're such a good lawyer.
I've only lost one case.
And for what it's worth,
that water supply was not that polluted.
Okay. Well...
I would love to help, but...
I've learned that I really
shouldn't get involved in
other people's martial issues.
So there is something wrong.
Hmm.
Okay, before you judge,
just know that these tears
are because I'm hormonal.
My body is doing all sorts
of disgusting things to me,
like making liquid appear in my eyes.
Emily, I'm not judging.
Please, Zoey,
can't you just give me a reason
why he's doing this to me? To us?
Is he having an affair?
No!
David isn't hiding something terrible.
He's just...
has the pre-baby jitters.
That's all.
What does that even mean?
It means he's afraid of having a boy.
But you can breathe a sigh of relief.
Your husband's not a cheater.
He's just delightfully neurotic. Yay!
And all his late nights at work?
That's just him going out with
some guys to blow off steam.
Okay, so, neurotic and a teeny,
tiny little bit of a liar,
but all for reasons that
made perfect sense to me.
This is really lovely, by the way.
We should come here more often.
Hey, bro, so I just left your wife,
and I maybe-sorta-kinda-might've
screwed up somehow.
Give me a call so we can discuss it.
Thank you.
♪ Well, everybody hurts ♪
♪ Sometimes ♪
♪ Everybody cries ♪
♪ And everybody hurts ♪
♪ Sometimes ♪
I think we broke Leif.
Well, it was only a matter of time.
That review really wrecked him.
Can we just tell him who wrote it?
Have them talk it out?
I think that would maybe help him.
In theory, we can tell him,
but in actuality, no.
- Why not?
- Because I wrote the review.
Why would you write that?
We both know he's a great programmer.
Yes, but it doesn't mean
those other things
I wrote weren't true.
And it doesn't mean he
doesn't need to hear that
to change his attitude around here.
Well, I'm not really sure he did hear
and/or take in what you said.
He's just wallowing.
That's why I never thought
an anonymous peer review
was a very good idea.
It's too gutless,
it's too passive-aggressive.
I like aggressive-aggressive.
Well, then why did you agree
with it in the first place?
Because it was your idea.
I don't wanna clip your wings.
We have to do something.
No, you have to do something.
You're his manager now.
Tough conversations are part of the job.
Zoey, it's me.
Hey. Uh, why did you tell
Emily about my fears
about having a baby when I
specifically asked you not to?
I didn't mean to, but she asked me
what was going on with you,
and I tried to tell her
it was between the two of you,
and that it wasn't a big deal.
But she was very persuasive
and pregnant and...
It's a very big deal, okay?
When Emily and I got married,
she did not want to have kids,
like, at all.
I had to talk her into it.
And I promised her that I would be
100% committed to our children.
But now that you have casually
revealed my deepest fears,
she is completely freaked out
and terrified that I am not all in.
- David, I had no idea.
- Of course not.
You have no idea because you're
not a part of my marriage.
You don't know everything that's
going on in our heads, Zoey.
Look, all right, all I wanted
was for Emily to experience
a pregnancy with zero negativity.
That is all. That's all I wanted.
But you have just made
that completely impossible.
- I was just trying to help.
- Oh, yeah?
And you telling her where I actually am
instead of coming home at night?
That was you helping, too?
No, that was more of
a slip of the tongue.
Okay, whatever. Look, you know,
since you've always been
so results-oriented,
I'm just gonna put it into words
that you can understand, okay?
Whatever it is that you
thought you were doing
to try to help me, or help us,
you totally failed.
The duet was a disaster.
I didn't help either of them.
I just made things worse.
What am I eating? This is so delicious.
A pupusa.
A friend of mine from
El Salvador made them
before falling asleep in my bed...
that he's currently still in.
I just feel like I'm failing, hardcore,
and I don't know if you got the memo,
but Zoey Clarke is not a failure.
Why do you put so much
pressure on yourself?
Were your parents
hard on you as a child?
Make you feel like you weren't
good enough or something?
No, actually it was the opposite.
They showered me with praise
for everything that I did.
Which meant that I never
knew how I really was
because I got no negative criticism.
And so I had to prove to
myself that I was the best,
to show I was as great as
they already thought I was.
Wow. I just got a window into your soul,
and, baby,
it's not a place I want to visit.
I don't blame you.
I get it.
It's not easy, especially for someone
who's had this certain
idea in their head
for a very long time.
But it seems to me that
you just need to change
your relationship with failure.
And I do that how exactly?
Hm. Take my line of bespoke berets.
I didn't sell not a damn
one of these online.
- You know what happened?
- No.
But I'm hoping this story ends in Paris.
A designer saw them online
and asked me to make
him a line of scarves,
which he never paid me for.
But because of him,
I met another guy who commissioned me
to make a series
of portraits of his mother.
Weird.
But more lucrative than these berets.
You'll get better at this.
As long as you see every
failure not as defeat
but as a stepping stone
on the road to success.
Hmm?
Try this on.
Oh, you look cute in a beret.
Yeah, I wouldn't have
bought one of these either.
Then I'm not gonna give you one.
So, first, I think,
we go in a cable car.
- Mm-hmm.
- Then we got to Rose's Cafe,
and then I thought we'd go to Alcatraz.
My dad served a short prison stint,
and I thought it'd be funny, you know,
if we went to a prison
- with him in San Francisco.
- Can we stop... stop for a second?
I'm just more of a
weightlifter than a cardio guy.
Oh, come on, Max! This is good for you!
Breathing in the cool morning air,
appreciating nature.
Did you know I once stared at the ocean
- for literally seven hours?
- We should break up.
Wait, what?
I just think we're looking
for different things.
Look, you're all about
the journey, right?
Maybe our journey was supposed to be
this short, awesome side path
that leads us to the next great thing.
Do you hate me?
The opposite.
I appreciate your truth.
You need to do what's
right for you up in here...
and here.
How could I be mad about that?
Thank you for being so understanding.
Okay, now this is awkward.
Do we run together or
do we go separately?
'Cause you still have stuff at my place.
Right. How about you lead the way,
and I'll just...
holler if I need any medical assistance?
Okay.
Hey. Just checking in.
You good?
I'm good.
'Cause I know what today is.
You'd tell me if
you weren't good, right?
I haven't even cracked open the tequila
from your grief kit yet.
You do have the hammer in your hand.
- Facts.
- Okay.
If you need me...
- 50 feet that way.
So, I asked Joan for
all my peer reviews,
and she sent them to me.
She said there were some
not-so-nice ones in here.
Let's read them together.
Ready? Zoey...
"Stammers too much".
"Lacks confidence."
"Wears too many sweaters
over collared shirts."
Not sure how that one is
quite performance-related.
"Can't delegate." "Tries too hard."
"I deserved the promotion, not her."
I wrote that one.
I'm shocked.
Look, reading these
comments hurts, a lot.
Very deeply.
Quite a bit more than I
was expecting them to.
But once we've taken in that criticism,
it's all about how we pick ourselves up
and bounce right back.
Bounce back? From being "smug,
"and self-righteous, overly ambitious,
more alienating than endearing?"
Should I have a brain transplant?
No. I think you need to take the note.
And be better.
- So you agree with it?
- I think they're not wrong!
I think that sometimes you're
willfully disrespectful to me.
You have this "all I do is win" attitude
dancing around your head at all times
whether you like to admit it or not.
And it doesn't make you
a team player, Leif.
Thank you for finally admitting
that it was you who wrote the review.
- Wait. What? No. That's completely...
- No, I get it,
- and it actually helps me to know...
- No, no.
exactly where you stand.
You are 100% missing the point.
No, no. Message received.
Okay.
So, tell me some good news, please?
Are you gonna take that
gig at the big old mansion?
I was thinking that
might be fun for you.
I love my work, you know that, but...
it's always been a partnership
between your dad and me,
and the more I think about it,
the more I just...
can't picture doing it without him.
So, no, I'm not gonna take the job,
and I'm shutting down the business.
You're shutting down the business?
How can I keep going?
I mean, all this time,
it's always been the two of us.
And what, I'm supposed
to just forge on alone?
That seems so heartless.
♪ It's your thing ♪
♪ Do what you wanna do ♪
♪ I can't tell you ♪
♪ Who to sock it to ♪
♪ It's your thing ♪
♪ Do what you wanna do now ♪
♪ I can't tell you ♪
♪ Who to sock it to ♪
♪ If you want me to love you ♪
♪ Baby, I will ♪
♪ Believe me, woman ♪
♪ It ain't no big deal ♪
♪ Ah, you need love now ♪
♪ Just as bad as I do ♪
♪ Makes me no difference now ♪
♪ Who you give your thing to ♪
♪ Oh, it's your thing ♪
♪ Do what you wanna do ♪
♪ I can't tell you ♪
♪ Who to sock it to ♪
♪ It's your thing ♪
♪ Do what you wanna do now ♪
♪ I can't tell you ♪
♪ Who to sock it to ♪
♪ It's your thing ♪
And so, that's why it has to end.
I'm guessing you haven't
talked to him about this yet.
No. I mean, he might have heard me
talking about it a little. Why?
This is your thing,
and I think if you told
him you were going
to keep the business going,
he'd be dancing with joy.
- Hello?
- I'm sorry.
Truly. I...
I didn't know what I was
walking into with Emily, but...
- We need to move past this. I was...
- I appreciate the call.
Um, I... I need a...
I need a break, though.
I need a little time to
get my head straight and...
try to just let this whole thing go.
But I'll reach out when I'm ready, okay?
I love you, and I'll talk to you soon.
Just so we're clear, I'm doing this.
Really? Are you sure?
Because I don't have to.
So...
buzz now or forever hold your peace.
Okay.
Hey, Linda. Hi.
It's... it's Maggie Clarke.
Hi. Yeah, I've been thinking,
and I would like to help
you with your project.
- Hello?
- Hey.
Whoa, what happened to your face?
Mo says that my pores are screaming out
for love and attention,
so she's making me look
like a horror villain.
I don't mind it. So, I, uh,
decided to take some initiative...
_
... and I broke up with Autumn.
Um, Max, um...
I hate to say this... Uh...
I feel terrible, but, um,
I have to call you back.
What? Oh, okay. Bye.
Just a minute!
- Hi.
- Sorry, I know it's late.
I just needed to talk through
something with somebody.
With you.
Of course. Uh, come in.
- Um...
- What's wrong?
I was going through some old
emails between me and my dad,
just normal everyday stuff.
A diner opened up down the street.
The fantasy football draft.
But there was this moment
where his whole tenor changed.
It's like a bleakness,
or something took over,
that I completely missed at the time.
I'll show you.
It's, uh, right here.
Pulled it up a second ago.
I just...
Could I have stopped him
from going through with it?
Did I...
Did I fail him when he
needed me the most?
Simon,
it's...
... entirely possible
that you failed to see the signs
that your dad was in trouble.
I know. That's what I think, too.
But maybe...
... there's nothing more
you could have done
because your dad didn't want
or wasn't open to your help.
It's hard to admit...
that we fail sometimes, but, um...
it's true.
And...
you know, we don't know
what was going on in his head.
And, you, living with all this,
carrying some...
vague guilt...
doesn't help you move forward.
Thank you.
For the worst pep talk ever?
It was bad.
Yeah, it was actually...
pretty great.
But thank you for not trying to fix me,
or make me feel better.
Thanks for just being...
real.
Any time.
Whoa!
Holla!
♪ Darling, you've got to let me know ♪
♪ Should I stay or should I go? ♪
♪ If you say that you are mine ♪
♪ I'll be here till the end of time ♪
♪ So you've got to let me know ♪
♪ Should I stay or should I go? ♪
♪ It's always tease, tease, tease ♪
♪ You're happy when I'm on my knees ♪
♪ One day it's fine,
the next it's black ♪
♪ So if you want me off your back ♪
♪ Well, come on and let me know ♪
♪ Should I stay or should I go? ♪
♪ Should I stay or should I go now? ♪
♪ If I go, there will be trouble ♪
♪ And if I stay, it will be double ♪
♪ So come on and let me know ♪
♪ Should I stay or should I... ♪